Greeting is an act of communication in which human beings intentionally make their presence known to each other, to show attention to, and to suggest a type of relationship (usually cordial) or social status (formal or informal) between individuals or groups of people coming in contact with each other. Greetings are sometimes used just prior to a conversation or to greet in passing, such as on a sidewalk or trail. While greeting customs are highly culture- and situation-specific and may change within a culture depending on social status and relationship, they exist in all known human cultures. Greetings can be expressed both audibly and physically, and often involve a combination of the two. This topic excludes military and ceremonial salutes but includes rituals other than gestures. A greeting, or salutation, can also be expressed in written communications, such as letters and emails.
Some epochs and cultures have had very elaborate greeting rituals, e.g. greeting a sovereign. Conversely, secret societies have often furtive or arcane greeting gestures and rituals, such as a secret handshake, which allows members to recognize each other.
In some languages and cultures, the same word or gesture is used as both greeting and farewell. Examples are "Good day" in English, "Sat Shri Akaal" in Punjabi, "As-Salamualaikum" in Arabic, "Aloha" in Hawaiian, "Shalom" in Hebrew, "Namaste" in Hindi,"Ayubowan" in Sri Lanka(sinhala) and "Ciao" in Italian. The bow and handshake are also used for both greeting and leave-taking.And in many south Asian countries like Sri Lanka and India ,they put their arms together and place it near to heart which shows they are greeting from the bottom of the heart.In India they say "Namaste" and in Sri Lanka they say"Ayubowan" which means live longer.
A Chinese greeting features the right fist placed in the palm of the left hand and both shaken back and forth two or three times, it may be accompanied by a head nod or bow. The gesture may be used on meeting and parting, and when offering thanks or apologies.
In India, it is common to see the Namaste greeting (or "Sat Sri Akal" for Sikhs) where the palms of the hands are pressed together and held near the heart with the head gently bowed.
Adab, meaning respect and politeness, is a hand gesture used as a Muslim greeting of South Asian Muslims, especially of Urdu-speaking communities of Uttar Pradesh, Hyderabadi Muslims, Bengali Muslims and Muhajir people of Pakistan. The gesture involves raising the right hand towards the face with palm inwards such that it is in front of the eyes and the fingertips are almost touching the forehead, as the upper torso is bent forward. [5] It is typical for the person to say "adab arz hai", or just "adab". It is often answered with the same or the word "Tasleem" is said as an answer or sometimes it is answered with a facial gesture of acceptance.
In Indonesia, a nation with a huge variety of cultures and religions, many greetings are expressed, from the formalized greeting of the highly stratified and hierarchical Javanese to the more egalitarian and practical greetings of outer islands.
Javanese, Batak and other ethnicities currently or formerly involved in the armed forces will salute a Government-employed superior, and follow with a deep bow from the waist or short nod of the head and a passing, loose handshake. Hand position is highly important; the superior's hand must be higher than the inferior's. Muslim men will clasp both hands, palms together at the chest and utter the correct Islamic slametan (greeting) phrase, which may be followed by cheek-to-cheek contact, a quick hug or loose handshake. Pious Muslim women rotate their hands from a vertical to the perpendicular prayer-like position in order to barely touch the fingertips of the male greeter and may opt-out of the cheek-to-cheek contact.
If the male is an Abdi Dalem royal servant, courtier or particularly "peko-peko" (taken directly from Japanese to mean obsequious) or even a highly formal individual, he will retreat backwards with head downcast, the left arm crossed against the chest and the right arm hanging down, never showing his side or back to his superior. His head must always be lower than that of his superior. Younger Muslim males and females will clasp their elder's or superior's outstretched hand to the forehead as a sign of respect and obeisance.
If a manual worker or a person with obviously dirty hands salute or greets an elder or superior, he will show deference to his superior and avoid contact by bowing, touching the right forehead in a very quick salute or a distant "slamet" gesture.
The traditional Javanese Sungkem involves clasping the palms of both hands together, aligning the thumbs with the nose, turning the head downwards and bowing deeply, bending from the knees. In a royal presence, the one performing sungkem would kneel at the base of the throne.
A gesture called a wai is used in Thailand, where the hands are placed together palm to palm, approximately at nose level, while bowing. The wai is similar in form to the gesture referred to by the Japanese term gassho by Buddhists. In Thailand, the men and women would usually press two palms together and bow a little while saying "Sawadee ka" (female speaker) or "Sawadee krap" (male speaker).
Virtual worlds are not limited to games but, depending on the degree of immediacy presented, can encompass computer conferencing and text-based chatrooms. Sometimes, emoticons or 'smilies' are available to show feeling or facial expression. Emoticons often have a keyboard shortcut.
OpenSimulator is an open-source server platform for hosting virtual worlds and the Metaverse. At one point, it was compatible with the client for Second Life but compatibility has waned for several years.


Contents
1	Features
2	See also
3	References
4	External links
Features
OpenSimulator is written in C# and is designed to be easily expanded through the use of plugin modules. OpenSimulator can operate in one of two modes: standalone or grid mode. In standalone mode, a single process handles the entire simulation. In grid mode, various aspects of the simulation are separated among multiple processes, which can exist on different machines.[2]

OpenSimulator uses loadable modules for most of its functionality. These loadable modules can be independently developed to add functionality to the server.[3]

OpenSimulator currently uses a modified Second Life protocol for client to server communication, and requires retrofitting to the Second Life client in order to connect. Interoperability with Second Life protocols was once a design goal since 2007.[4] Interoperability with Second Life was no longer a design goal as of OpenSimulator Community Conference 2015. During OpenSimulator Community Conference 2018, the core developers announced they will not maintain compatibility with Linden Lab's Second Life Protocols, and will change them to fix and change whatever they need.

OpenSim has a number of features not available in Second Life. These include extensions to the scripting language that enable saving and retrieval of text data to avatar inventory in notecard format and the creation and management of non-player characters (NPCs).

OpenSim also uses an architecture known as "Hypergrid", which allows users to teleport between multiple OpenSim-based virtual worlds by providing a hyperlinked map which indexes public grids.[5] This allows for public grids to retain teleportation links to each other without having to be on the same grid. The number of hypergrid enabled opensimulator grids fluctuates. A list of active hypergrid enabled opensimulator grids is maintained by Hypergrid Business-Active Hypergrids. As of January 2020, there were just over 300 active hypergrid enabled services.did not understandisnonot get youishey how are u sup
what is moon?isIt is a satellite of earth
what is sun? is Sun is our closest star.